GH-105900: Fix `pathlib.Path.symlink_to(target_is_directory=...)` docs (#114035)
python/cpython: Doc/library/pathlib.rst

.. method:: Path.symlink_to(target, target_is_directory=False)

>    Make this path a symbolic link to *target*.  Under Windows, if the target
>    is present, the type of the symlink will be created to match.  Otherwise,
>    the symlink will be created as a directory if *target_is_directory* is
>    ``True`` or a file symlink (the default) otherwise.  Under POSIX,
>    *target_is_directory*'s value is ignored.

Reviewer: (on mobile, I've just guessed line lengths/wrapping; likely wildly inaccurate)
```suggestion
   Make this path a symbolic link to *target*.
   Under Windows, if the target is not present, you must specify whether the symlink
   is to a file (default) or directory (by setting *target_is_directory* to ``True``).
   If the target exists, this will be inferred automatically. 
   Under POSIX, *target_is_directory*'s value is ignored.
```

Author: Overall it's clearer, but "you must specify" makes it sound like the call fails if the target doesn't exist and *target_is_directory* isn't passed. In fact it will default to a file symlink in that situation.

Author: We could also copy the entire wording from `os.path.symlink()` if it's useful: https://docs.python.org/3.13/library/os.html#os.symlink

Reviewer: > We could also copy the entire wording from `os.path.symlink()` if it's useful: https://docs.python.org/3.13/library/os.html#os.symlink

Having refreshed my memory of that wording, I think it is much clearer - I'd support using it here.
